DO NOT MERGE - Pseudo PR - community review for initial release (#5)
nf-core/dualrnaseq: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request

> about: Suggest an idea for the nf-core website

Author: ```suggestion
about: Suggest an idea for the nf-core/dualrnaseq pipeline
```

I don't think the text here is right

Reviewer: Updated
